Speak.
I investigated who took Miss Ji
out of the manor.
Her name is John.
On the day of the banquet,
she claimed to be Tamoxi's
right-hand woman.
But the Tamoxi organization
has no such person.
Her invitation—
how did she get it?
Linda gave it to her.
A few days ago,
the manor's surveillance was sabotaged.
I investigated, and
it was also Linda's doing.
What are you doing?
Believe me, sir will have you
severely punished.
Sir,
what do you mean?
Yes... Sir.
You're Ji Linling. She told me
to do this. She said she wasn't
worried about her friend, and
I have to find a way
to help her escape. Sir,
Lock her up.
No! Let me go! Sir!
You can't do this to me!
Sir! What are you doing, sir?
Let me go!
Miss!
Lock him up with
him.
No! Sir!
My brother took a bullet for you,
gave his life for you,
you can't do this to me!
No! Sir!